Configure v2 connections from Chronograf CLI (#2772)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1.9/administration/creating-connections.md

command line option, which is, by default, the same as the [`--canned-path`](/chronograf/v1.9/administration/config-options/#canned-path-c).

> An `.src` files contains the details for a single InfluxDB connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `.src` file contains the details for a single InfluxDB connection.
```
